 How did you find out about the attacks on Charlie Hebdo and the Coaster Growth Rear in Paris in 2015? I was listening to the BBC, which I listened to every day, usually both in the morning and at night, and it was their reporting night. It was either late at night or early in the morning, I don't remember, but I do remember it with on the BBC. What was your personal reaction to the shootings and the media coverage that followed? I was horrified. I have a neighbour who is French and I reached out to her and we talked about it as a terrorist act and we talked about it in relation to French culture. We had sort of a wide-ranging conversation about it, but during the context of that conversation and conversations with friends, I guess, horror and the need to reach out and to actually engage in public discourse about all the many issues it raised from the obvious use of violence to the public. We talked about it in relation to questions of free speech and what does it mean to satire? What's the difference between mocking and satire? To satire? Have to be satire of something? Or can you just not have to have an object? Our conversations range from the horror of the violence to more analytic questions about free speech and form and genre. In your opinion, what is the degree of character, character and the satire that is susceptible? Is there such a thing as a degree of responsibility and the exercise of one's freedom of speech? So what is acceptable? So yes and no, I would say that anything is acceptable, but it depends on the context. I think anything is legal. I think any form of critique and any cartoon and writing should be legal and part of and protected by free speech. Whether it's acceptable or not is interpretive, right? It's acceptable to whom. I think it should certainly be... It's not the case that it's ever acceptable to violently oppose someone's freedom of expression and someone's use of satire. But I don't know that it's acceptable always from a ethical standpoint. I think that some of the cartoons were mocking the religious tradition of someone else. I don't think that's responsible, but it's legal. Is there a responsibility? Sure. I think we all the work we do. We have a responsibility to think about it carefully and think about who we're hurting and how we're hurting them, what we're mocking and why. So yeah, I think that art, satire, teaching writing of all forms carries responsibility. Does that answer the question? Did you see the attack on Charlie Harbour as a unique and unrepeatable event or as part of a larger history of attacks on writers and artists of their work? Both. Did I see it as a... Sorry, the first part, repeatable attack? Unrepeatable. Certainly, it's very distinctive to the time and to the particular context of France and its plurality and the political and social and cultural tensions that are a part of contemporary French culture. So it's unrepeatable in that sense. It's so distinctive to this time, place, and culture. But there is certainly something familiar about attacks on writers and violent opposition to what people see as threatening or the use of violence through writing. So yeah, that has happened before. So I think it is equally distinctive as it is also part of something that has occurred in history before. So yeah, that's it.